README.md, before:

# Links to awesome groups in Singapore

This is our attempt to collate the various fanstastic user groups and communities based here in Singapore.

_Note: It might seem a little Telegram-focused for now, but that's just what we had handy! Feel free to send PRs to update/edit/add to these links!_

## Tech

### Chats and Communities

- [hackerdrinks](https://hackerdrinks.sg)
  - [Telegram Chat](https://t.me/joinchat/AVXlHwt652Fr14mSHQGlBg)
- DevOpsSG
  - [Telegram Chat](https://t.me/joinchat/AVXlHwt652Fr14mSHQGlBg)
- CryptoSG
  - [Telegram Chat](https://t.me/cryptoSG_Dapps)
- DevSG
  - [Telegram Chat](https://t.me/joinchat/AMjNsFh9UGIR5VvOs1_nXA)
- DevSG_Jobs
  - [Telegram Chat](https://t.me/joinchat/BGedIEfG39eNgvQmiki60Q)
- DevSG_Random
  - [Telegram Chat](https://t.me/joinchat/BGedIFPZvMoshemkOoXM4g)

### Broadcast Channels

- Tech/Startup jobs SG (by Tech in Asia)
  - [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/tiajobssg)
- DevSG_Echo
  - [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/DevSG_Echo)
  
### Open Source Projects 

- NUS Mods
  - [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/nusmodifications/nusmods)

## Food

### Broadcast Channels

- SG Kiasu Foodies [Discounts/Promos]
  - [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/kiasufoodies)
- GoodLobang
  - [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/goodlobang)
- Eatbook
  - [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/eatbooksg)

## General

### Broadcast Channels

- Land Transport Guru: SG Bus & Train Alerts
  - [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/LandTransportGuru)
- TheSmartLocal
  - [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/TSLMedia)
- Singapore Internship Opportunities
  - [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/sginternships)
- Part Time Jobs (Singapore)
  - [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/singaporeparttimejobs)

Commit message:

Added upcoming hackathons
Also added 🇸🇬 flag in Title and fixed typo in NUSMods.

README.md, after:

# Links to Awesome Tech Things in Singapore 🇸🇬

This is our attempt to collate the various fanstastic user groups and communities based here in Singapore.

_Note: It might seem a little Telegram-focused for now, but that's just what we had handy! Feel free to send PRs to update/edit/add to these links!_

## Tech

### Chats and Communities

- [hackerdrinks](https://hackerdrinks.sg)
  - [Telegram Chat](https://t.me/joinchat/AVXlHwt652Fr14mSHQGlBg)
- DevOpsSG
  - [Telegram Chat](https://t.me/joinchat/AVXlHwt652Fr14mSHQGlBg)
- CryptoSG
  - [Telegram Chat](https://t.me/cryptoSG_Dapps)
- DevSG
  - [Telegram Chat](https://t.me/joinchat/AMjNsFh9UGIR5VvOs1_nXA)
- DevSG_Jobs
  - [Telegram Chat](https://t.me/joinchat/BGedIEfG39eNgvQmiki60Q)
- DevSG_Random
  - [Telegram Chat](https://t.me/joinchat/BGedIFPZvMoshemkOoXM4g)

### Broadcast Channels

- Tech/Startup jobs SG (by Tech in Asia)
  - [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/tiajobssg)
- DevSG_Echo
  - [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/DevSG_Echo)
  
### Open Source Projects 

- NUSMods
  - [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/nusmodifications/nusmods)

### Upcoming Hackathons

- NTU inTuition
  - [Website](https://intuition.ieeentu.com/)

## Food

### Broadcast Channels

- SG Kiasu Foodies [Discounts/Promos]
  - [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/kiasufoodies)
- GoodLobang
  - [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/goodlobang)
- Eatbook
  - [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/eatbooksg)

## General

### Broadcast Channels

- Land Transport Guru: SG Bus & Train Alerts
  - [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/LandTransportGuru)
- TheSmartLocal
  - [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/TSLMedia)
- Singapore Internship Opportunities
  - [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/sginternships)
- Part Time Jobs (Singapore)
  - [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/singaporeparttimejobs)
